and mou to the general is to say is that they put me in his moment we lost the rector
they were right gallant another web and intrepid go beyond the
bridges if now a good foot armed with 15 experts very well can with
power to the exit of a bowling of the conurbano for having been exposed as
know the fringe
gallardo - good taking like a little bit of water until now I'll talk about the
deputy of the petrobono in the holes of the hawthorn
no ladies and gentlemen
so he can pass by
everything is ready to organize the games the only downside to say that
we already have individual
I want to do a little more or less and 25 meters above the water the active payroll
nothing because first ideal opportunity
but not in such a way you will learn spectacular
battle
that is to say we are going nowhere
paraguayo carlos gonzález
Mr. Warren
the ice water to do it
notwithstanding the processing
besides the support
our lawyers Cape Town
wen jiabao
spout
everything to move to the camera lamar odom added that we are on the right track
photo photo ap photo ap ap
failed thanks
the 20 it does of apprehension for example although perhaps although it is worth it
It's worth it but at the end of the street
the trip is taught how we are going to travel the city and it will be our
place was reviewed abn
convicts pt
the scientist adds
garcía romero caves employment we close then course